Add support for ping message callbacks to WebSockets Next (#45180)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/websockets-next-reference.adoc

Both the <<server-api>> and <<client-api>> define _endpoints_ that are used to consume and send messages.
The endpoints are implemented as CDI beans and support injection.

> Endpoints declare <<callback-methods,_callback methods_>> annotated with `@OnTextMessage`, `@OnBinaryMessage`, `@OnPing`, `@OnPong`, `@OnOpen`, `@OnClose` and `@OnError`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Endpoints declare <<callback-methods,_callback methods_>> annotated with `@OnTextMessage`, `@OnBinaryMessage`, `@OnPingMessage`, `@OnPongMessage`, `@OnOpen`, `@OnClose` and `@OnError`.
```

<2> Sends a ping message from all connected client instances to their remote servers every 10 seconds.

Servers and clients can send ping messages programmatically at any time using `WebSocketConnection` or `WebSocketClientConnection`.
There is a non-blocking variant: `Sender#sendPing(Buffer)` and a blocking variant: `Sender#sendPingAndAwait(Buffer)`.

==== Sending pong messages

Server and client endpoints will always respond to a ping message sent from the remote party with a corresponding pong message, using the application data from the ping message.
This behavior is built-in and requires no additional code or configuration.

Servers and clients can send unsolicited pong messages that may serve as a unidirectional heartbeat using `WebSocketConnection` or `WebSocketClientConnection`. There is a non-blocking variant: `Sender#sendPong(Buffer)` and a blocking variant: `Sender#sendPongAndAwait(Buffer)`.

==== Handling ping/pong messages

Because ping messages are handled automatically and pong messages require no response, it is not necessary to write handlers for these messages to comply with the WebSocket protocol.

> However, it is sometime useful to know when ping or pong messages are received by an endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, it is sometimes useful to know when ping or pong messages are received by an endpoint.
```

> The `@OnPingMessage` and `@OnPongMessage` annotations can be used to define callbacks that consumes ping or pong messages sent from the remote party.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `@OnPingMessage` and `@OnPongMessage` annotations can be used to define callbacks that consume ping or pong messages sent from the remote party.
```

> An endpoint may declare at most one callback method for each.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An endpoint may declare at most one `@OnPingMessage` callback and at most  one `@OnPongMessage` callback.
```
